I got bit by this... (#451)
fsprojects/Fabulous: docs/views-skiasharp.md

)
```

> By default, the view will not be redrawn when the model changes. You should call `View.SKCanvasView(..., invalidate = true)` if you want the drawn content to depend on model changes.

Reviewer: Rewording it a bit
````suggestion
By default, the view will not be redrawn when the model changes. You should set `invalidate` to true when you know that a redraw is needed. Set it back to false when done, otherwise it will be redrawn at each update.
```fsharp
View.SKCanvasView(..., invalidate = true)
```
````
